Add `no-inline-assertions` rule (#262)
avajs/eslint-plugin-ava: docs/rules/no-inline-assertions.md

> # Ensure no assertions are called from inline functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Ensure assertions are not called from inline arrow functions
```

> Prevent assertions being called from an inline function, to make it clear that it does not return.

Reviewer: This is repeating the title too much. It should also use the wording "test implementation".

# Ensure assertions are not called from an inline function

> Translations: [Français](https://github.com/avajs/ava-docs/blob/master/fr_FR/related/eslint-plugin-ava/docs/rules/no-inline-assertions.md)

Author: BTW this link is a dummy french translation link. As I don't speak French (I wish I could), I hope I can connect to the people and translate this document after this PR gets merged.

Reviewer 2: FYI @forresst

Reviewer 3: @JLHwung Do not add this line yet. I will do the translation when this PR is merged. And I will add this link when the translation is done.

Author: Removed and thanks.

# Ensure assertions are not called from inline arrow functions

> The test implementation should not purely consist of an inline assertion as assertions do not return a value and having them inline also makes the tests less readable.

Author: Way better than my writing. 😂
